WHAT IS THE GAME ABOUT
This is an air trafic control game in which user is the air traffic controller whose
goal is to have planes land and takeoff safely, using as little time as possible. The
game ends whenever a plane crashes, or all of the planes have managed to land and
takeoff safely.

Next we will go through the game's components to make sure that the airport can be
operated safely. In the center of the screen, there will be a map to view the
airport; it contains lots of useful information for safe operation. One must be
quick, but most importantly safe since only a single mistake can end the game!
<next_page>
AIRPLANES
The plane cards (found on the left sidebar) contain information on arriving and
departing airplanes. The planes wants are displayed on the card. Don't let a plane
run out of fuel in the air, or land on a too short runway!

RUNWAYS
The runway cards include lots of useful information on the runway, but not all of it.
Taking off and landing planes can only be seen on the map. The queueu shows
currently queueing airplanes and planes taxiing to the queue. If there's the letter
"T" in front of the planes name, it means the plane is still taxiing to the runway.
A queue can hold up to three airplanes at a time. Runways have a cooldown between
takeoffs. The cooldown lasts for 5 second. After the cooldown has ended, a plane
can takeoff again.
<next_page>
GATES
Planes refuel and load passangers while at the gate. A gate can only have a single
plane using or reserving it at a time. The name of the gate is displayed next to
the gate in yellow text. A Red label "Reserved" is used to mark the gate as reserved.

TAXIING
The planes taxi from one location to another. During taxiing, the plane is invisible
on the airport map.
<next_page>
WEATHER
A new weather condition is announced on the screen. When the annoucement happens,
it is recommended to head to the runway window and see which runways are affected.
Affected runways will remain closed until the weather conditon ends. There is no
annoucement, when a weather condition ends but the ending can be seen from the
runway window.

TIP: an airplane can taxi from a runway to another.
<next_page>
INPUT FORMATTING
The user can order planes to land, takeoff and taxi. For taxiing and landings, the
three first digits of the input determine the airplane's flight number. The fourth
digit determines the action, where T stands for taxi and L for landing. The input's
last digits determine the destination: a gate's number or a runway's name.

Commanding a takeoff works differently from landing and taxiing. To have a plane
takeoff on a runway, it has to be in the queue. First plane in the queue gets to
takeoff first. To give a plane permission to takeoff, input's first letter must be
"T", which stands for takeoff. It is followed by the runway's name.

One can type their input on the text field found in the top right corner. Sending
the input happens by pressing the enter key or the button below the text field.
If the input is not valid, a textbox will appear displayed a possible problem with
the input.
<next_page>
INPUT EXAMPLES
123LR1 -> airplane number 123 should land on runway one
TR1       -> airplane should take off on runway one
123TR1 -> airplane number 123 should taxi to runway one
123TG1 -> airplane number 123 should taxi to gate one

FINAL WORDS
Start the game by closing the instructions and by choosing a scenario! Good luck
and most importantly remember to have fun!